README.md, before:

# 👨‍💻 Aditya Rao Laisetti

**`Digital Craftsman | Avid Learner (Developer/Quant Enthusiast/FinTech)`**

- Passionate about building smart solutions to complex problems

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [NSE Zero - personal pet project to develop a small-scale HFT platform](will be available soon...)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **GenAI**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **referral in Agentic AI/GenAI/Quant Companies/Product-Based companies for internships and full-time roles**

- 📝 I regularly read articles on evolving AI solutions in the Fin-Tech Space

- 💬 Ask me about **Gen AI, Algebra, Puzzles, Math, Finance, Trading**

- 📫 How to reach me **aditya.rrr30@gmail.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c_VzGjxYvjSMOsJJj0eDFWgm5SU331t6/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c_VzGjxYvjSMOsJJj0eDFWgm5SU331t6/view?usp=sharing)

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/aditya-rao-laisetti31" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="aditya-rao-laisetti31" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/aditya_rrr" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="aditya_rrr" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

### 🧰 Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="NodeJS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-line.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" />

<br />

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=regit6270&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="regit6270" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=regit6270&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="regit6270" /></p>

Commit message:

Update README with Resume and links

README.md, after:

# 👨‍💻 Aditya Rao Laisetti

**`Digital Craftsman | Avid Learner (Developer/Quant Enthusiast/FinTech)`**

- Passionate about building smart solutions to complex problems

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **NSE Zero** - personal pet project to develop a small-scale HFT platform (will be available soon...).

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **GenAI**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **referral in Agentic AI/GenAI/Quant Companies/Product-Based companies for internships and full-time roles**

- 📝 I regularly read articles on evolving AI solutions in the Fin-Tech Space

- 💬 Ask me about **Gen AI, Algebra, Puzzles, Math, Finance, Trading**

- 📫 How to reach me **aditya.rrr30@gmail.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences in my [Updated Resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Nig66G9qXzLSIT8IvYqLxhj0LeS4w1mb/view?usp=sharing)

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/aditya-rao-laisetti31" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="aditya-rao-laisetti31" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/aditya_rrr" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="aditya_rrr" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

### 🧰 Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="NodeJS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-line.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" />

<br />

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=regit6270&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="regit6270" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=regit6270&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="regit6270" /></p>
